I don't have people it's bogan so
tonight we're going to talk to the
libertarians among us I know there's a
few of you talk to you guys tonight
because I got some questions first I
mean what is a libertarianism nobody
knows
let's be honest it's freedom as much
freedom as this humanly possible within
the confines of the society completely
regulation of just about everything
why because libertarians know that
legality is not morality the two things
aren't the same but what do they believe
what's their ethos you know in this
ideal society somebody can come from
nothing and achieve great things as long
as they become capable as long as they
work on their own skill set
self-improvement and then once they
master those skills they put them in
action because action is more important
than words
pretty much yet you do all that you
become great and then other than that
about the only thing libertarians agree
on is that taxation is theft it's pretty
much it so with all of this in mind why
on earth do libertarians idolize the
wealthy I mean let's be honest today is
wealthy they didn't exactly come from
nothing most of that wealth is inherited
they're not particularly capable they're
just born in a position of privilege
action versus words no not really
they don't really know the difference
between legality and morality if they
did we wouldn't have half the problems
we have about the only thing you can
agree with them on is that taxation is
theft
it's about it
so I'm gonna give you an alternative
somebody who I consider to be the ideal
American certainly certainly pretty much
the American patron saint of freedom she
came from nothing came from nothing she
was a slave but she worked on her skill
set she became very capable very capable
and then she put it in action Harriet
Tubman was definitely not somebody that
just sound how to talked certainly
understood the difference between
legality and morality I'm not sure that
you can find a clearer example and as
far as taxation as theft goes well if
you're upset about the feds taking 30%
of your labor imagine how you would feel
about a plantation owner taking all of
it pretty libertarian of her so my
question is why why isn't she an icon of
the libertarian movement because she
didn't die wealthy is that really what
libertarianism is is it really just
deregulation in the hopes of well then
maybe I can make some money or is it
really about freedom if it's really
about freedom would certainly seem that
Harriet Tubman would be one of the
ideals in fact if you modeled yourself
after her you might be a better
libertarian if the drive for the
accumulation of wealth was replaced with
the drive to guide people to freedom now
of course you're probably not gonna be
able to do it in the
extreme way that she did but even
figuratively even figuratively or even
just given somebody a hand up when they
need it seems like that would be more in
line with the rhetoric from libertarians
but that's not what the idols represent
those people they look up to never
understood why it's just something to
think about
it's just a thought oh I'll have a good
night